OK, so we have our track chosen, and now the next step would be to create a cut down in the track
if needed, and for this situation, we definitely want to do that.
Look, I track itself is about three and a half minutes long.
Our B-roll footage is currently about two minutes.
But honestly, I want to get this down to closer to a minute and a half, even closer to a minute,
if possible.
It's probably going to be more like a minute and a half.
So I did put a few markers here on our track.
But let's just go ahead and take a listen of where I placed these markers and I'll explain why I did
that.
So we have our intro.
So there's the first marker, and here's where the beat comes in.
Now this intro, it repeats twice.
OK, so there's this intro, and then it replicates and repeats again.
So I believe this is four bars and this is four bars and makes eight bars.
So it's an eight bar intro.
Now I put a marker here because to save, let's see.
This is ten seconds if we look up here at the top.
This is ten seconds.
Boom, we hit it and then it restarts again.
And then boom.
This is where the beat comes in.
We can save 10 seconds of our edit by scooting over and deleting that extra.
Four bars, I believe, is four bars that we don't need.
OK, so we still get this great intro song comes in here.
Now, this whole part is kind of the main part of the track.
And then here you can see these two markers.
This is where it goes into a more laid back breakdown kind of feeling.
OK.
And right here is where it goes back into the beat, so I already know that I don't want to start the
beat again here and then go into another laid back part here and go into a build and go into the beat
again.
That's not what we want to do.
We probably want to go into a different main portion that's then going to end naturally close to where
we want our actual edit to end.
So if we go to, let's say, this marker.
OK, so it plays again, and then there's a natural fade out that's built into the track itself, so
we don't have to add a crossfade or an echo or reverb.
There already is that in the track, which is perfect, so it's going to sound natural.
OK, perfect, so let's make a cut here, and let's drag this part where the beat comes in and replace
it.
Over here now, I can drag it right on top.
But a kind of a trick that I like to do is to drag it right next to it so that we're not deleting the
old track this way, I can sink these two things up.
So you see, that's the bit there.
That's to be there.
I can go.
Boom, and then I can hit play.
And they're selective sometimes what happens is it'll be off a little bit and we don't want that.
So what happens to is if this is be here and let's say I undo this and we have it over here and I want
to drag it in.
You know, sometimes the markers are off a little bit, so let's see if we get it right.
OK, the other was a missing beat.
Right, so doing that instead, the second way I did it allows for us to sync it up.
We're not deleting anything yet.
And kind of drag this out.
Make sure the beats are sync up.
And then now we can even do.
Let's see if this works.
I'm going to go ahead and delete their delete there.
Put this down.
Perfect.
And now we have this nice fade out right at the one minute and 30 second mark, which is perfect because
I know this is going to be our ending shot and we'll probably add like a nice fade just like this.
So that it's going to be something like this, it's going to fade.
The.
OK, and then, you know, we can put the the company website, the realtor website, the product website,
whatever it is, but we're not there yet.
Right now, we're just focusing on our music track and making the cut down so that it matches up with
the overall video length that we want to have.
And it's looking good.
We have our intro that we cut down in half.
We have our main part here.
And we went from a three and a half minute track to now a one and a half minute track.
But we're still getting the intro, the build the main be, the more laid back part.
Another bill again right here and then a nice natural echo and reverb out with a slow crossfade that
feels normal and it doesn't actually feel like there's an area in the track.
And that's really the goal.
You want to cut this down so that no one knows that there is actually an edit that's going, you know,
you've done a good job editing down your music.